---
description: 'The Potential of Math as Medicine by Sharry Edwards, MEd  Studies conducted by the non-profit Institute of BioAcoustic Biology, located in Albany, Ohio,  USA, h'
author: []
datePublished: '2016-02-21T19:28:36.149Z'
publisher:
  domain: mhjfbmdgcfjbbpaeojofohoefgiehjai
  name: mhjfbmdgcfjbbpaeojofohoefgiehjai
dateModified: '2016-02-21T19:27:56.427Z'
title: ''
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-21-the-potential-of-math-as-medicine-by-sharry-edwards-med-st.md
published: true
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
url: the-potential-of-math-as-medicine-by-sharry-edwards-med-st/index.html
_context: 'http://schema.org'
_type: Article

---
The Potential of Math as Medicine by Sharry Edwards, MEd Studies conducted by the non-profit Institute of BioAcoustic Biology, located in Albany, Ohio, USA, has shown that persons with similar stresses, toxins, diseases, traumas, genetic syndromes, deficiencies...have similar, if not identical, vocal anomalies showing that math can be much more than a measurement tool. Math, as a frequency matrix, can serve as the template to perceive and manage health and wellness. In order to provide predictability and safety, the concepts of math and medicine often act conjointly to quantify, define and model medical practice. Defined as Bioinformatics1 , this industry has become an integral part of medical care. The Journal of BioAcoustic Biology (http://www.JBAB.org) reports the studies conducted by the non-profit Institute of BioAcoustic Biology, located in Albany, Ohio, USA, which have consistently demonstrated that math can be much more than a measurement tool; math, as frequency, can be the resolution to therapeutic predictability, management and resolution. Consider the brain as the central processing unit of the body. Brain messages (as frequency impulses) use a neural network distributed throughout the body to organize, interpret and maintain equilibrium (homeostasis). Everything that is perceived by the body reaches the brain (from various sensory organs) as a biofrequency that is then sorted, routed and assigned an interpretation and designation. Studies by the Institute of BioAcoustic Biology affirm the fact that persons who hold similar perceptions and psychologies; and those suffering from similar diseases, traumas, toxins, deficiencies, syndromes... have similar, if not identical, biofrequency patterns. The Business of Disease: An Inside Job and Outside Business edited by Sonia Barrett2 includes a chapter devoted to explaining the pathways of compounds called Chemistry; as they relate to Mathways of subtractive frequencies that can be used to create a numeric biomarker matrix capable, individually and collectively, of being predictive, diagnostic and prescriptive. The Making History by Creating the Future chapter speculates that resonate matrix-based medicine has the ability to provide prompt and corrective protocols. To date there is no universally accepted modality that has the potential to assist in the survival of biological, radioactive and pandemic threats; reverse stroke and muscle trauma or support space travel as frequency based solutions show the ability to overcome bone-loss and muscle atrophy. The Washington Post (Sept 12, 2014)3 reports that in many instances, by the time the cause has been identified, it is often too late to provide remediation. A previous project in conjunction with the US Army4 was undertaken to test this emerging technology by exploring the potential of using frequency based biomarkers to identify and quantify Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) and associated Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD). The implication of the prior study was the development of a quantitative, mobile, noninvasive model that could identify the damage caused by close proximity acoustic blast injuries and, ultimately, the restitution of normal brain function and emotional stability. The work being pioneered by the Institute continues to employ numeric biomarker patterns to assess, evaluate and produce outcomes that support optimal biological form and function. Brian Butterworth, author of What Counts: How Every Brain is Hardwired for Math5 states that our brain communicates using the language of math expressed as frequency. As these signals reach the brain, the biofrequencies are sorted, routed and assigned an interpretation and responsibility. Our brain and our biology are hardwired to respond to these basic principles of math. This novel math-based protocol utilizes the premise that the body can identify and prescribe for itself using the algorithms of vocalized frequencies to accurately quantify, organize, and extrapolate biometric information. Experimental studies showing the reversal of hip/joint pain; the reversal of Macular Degeneration and a study of Pitocin induced labor can be found at: http://www.SoundHealthOptions.com - ARTICLES. Jill I. Matteson, author of Sound Secrets: Ultimate Healing6 believes that BioAcoustic Biology is an area of scientific endeavor that is in the process of becoming scientifically established. She reports that visionary leaders see this model as a prophecy for a new medicine which can provide conclusions based on measurable outcomes and observation. This emerging paradigm will become part of future medicine as the consistent and efficacious outcomes continue to accrue. This protocol remains in a research mode as of the date of this writing. Strange, yet profound, BioAcoustic Biology may someday explain how a physician might instruct a heart patient to "listen to a specific frequency combination \[known for its ability to stabilize heart rhythm\] and call me in the morning". References: "This novel protocol utilizes the premise that the body can identify and prescribe for itself using algorithms of vocalized frequencies to accurately quantify, organize, and extrapolate biometric information." 1BioInformatics: Oxford Journals. Current issue: Volume 30, Issue 18, September 15 2014.http://bioinformatics.oxfordjournals.org 2Barrett, Sonia. Business of Disease: An Inside Job and Outside Business. 2013\. Sovereign Mind Publications: Chapter 5\. 3America's infuriating response to the Ebola crisis. The Washington Post. (Attiah) September 12, 2014 4Innovative Ohio Biotech Company Awarded Contract with US Army to Study Traumatic Brain Injury and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder 2009\. Health Plus Letter Vol. 6, No 19\. http://www.1healthyworld.com/eZine/vol6no19.html 5Butterworth, Brian. What Counts: How Every Brain is Hardwired for Math, 1999\. Free Press 6Jill I. Matteson. Secret Sounds: Ultimate Healing, 2011\. An authorized biography concerning the cutting-edge work of pioneer Sharry Edwards and energy medicine.